Initiating query reports
Initiating query reports
Initiating query reports
Initiating query reports
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
query[intcol]: 0 ms
query[primary rays]: 0 ms
Initiating query reports
query[fullUpdate]: 0 ms
